PostHog documentation (#254)
launchdarkly/LaunchDarkly-Docs: src/content/topics/integrations/more/posthog.mdx

---
path: /integrations/posthog
title: PostHog
description: This topic explains how to use the LaunchDarkly PostHog integration. PostHog is the all-in-one product analytics suite you can self-host.
published: true
---

## Overview

This topic explains how to use the LaunchDarkly PostHog integration. [PostHog](https://posthog.com) is the all-in-one product analytics suite you can self-host.

<Callout intent="info">
<CalloutTitle>The PostHog integration is managed by PostHog</CalloutTitle>
<CalloutDescription>

The PostHog integration was built by and is managed by PostHog. For questions about the integration or for technical support, [contact PostHog](https://posthog.com/).

</CalloutDescription>
</Callout>

PostHog's LaunchDarkly integration sends real-time flag analytics data to PostHog.

## Configuring the integration

To set up the integration, you need your PostHog's instance URL, and an API Token:

### Instance URL

If you are using PostHog Cloud, your Instance URL will be: `https://app.posthog.com`. Alternatively, insert the domain of your self-hosted PostHog instance.

### API Key

> To obtain an API Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain an API Key:
```

1. Log in to your PostHog account on PostHog Cloud or on your self-hosted instance.
2. Open the Project you want to integrate.
3. Navigate to **Project Settings**.
4. Find your **Project API Key** listed in the page.

![The PostHog Project API Key](posthog-project-api-key.png)

## Conclusion

> Now that you have successfully installed the integration, LaunchDarkly's flag events will start being captured by your PostHog instance.

Reviewer: Changing to active voice.
```suggestion
Now that you have successfully installed the integration, your PostHog instance will start capturing LaunchDarkly's flag events.
```
